Hey.
Where you been?
At the mall.
Wanted to buy you
some pretty maternity clothes.
And?There are none.
Here's a churro.
What's all this?
Mm.
The adoption agency sent over
some more profiles.
What about the two guys
you liked in San Francisco?
Yeah.
I thought this was
gonna be their "gayby."
They bailed.
What happened?
They asked if alcoholism
runs in the family.
Our bad.Sorry.
So, you find anyone
else you like?
Yeah, lots of people.
Um, these are
the yeses.
And those
are the nos?
No.
Those just fell and I wasn't
able to pick them up.
Wow, all these people
trying so hard to have
a kid and they can't.
It's not fair.
Yeah, all I needed to have you
was a bottle of Jack,
an eight ball
and a Supertramp album.
Aw...
I can never hear
that story enough.
So how's Luke doing?
He coming around
to the idea of adoption?
I don't know.
We're not talking.
I'm sorry.
I'm just hoping
once I find the perfect couple,
he'll realize
that this is for the best.
Patty and
Russell Callahan.
These people seem okay.
Nice house, nice car.
Uh-oh.
They got married at Disneyland.
Losers.
Ooh.
How about the Pattersons?
They're into fishing, hunting
and amateur taxidermy.
Passeroo.
Mindy and Manny Klein.
"We may be barren,
but we're really carin'."
No, thank you.
I'm kind of liking these people.
Jeff and
Suzanne Taylor.
They look sweet.
There's just something
about this picture.
If I fell and scraped my knee,
I'd want this lady
to kiss my boo-boo.
She's an artist
and he designs video games.
Cute house.
Little log
cabin-y, but...
Wait, that's their lake house.
Let's see the house house.
ALL:
Oh, my God.
To be honest, I've been
really struggling
the last couple of weeks.
My daughter's gonna
have a baby next month and...
GROUP:
Aw.
No, no, no.
She's giving it
up for adoption.
GROUP:
Oh.
And that, right there,
is the hardest part.
Telling people.
Just today I ran into a friend
at the grocery store
and she was all,
"Oh, you must be so excited
about becoming a grandmother."
I had to go through
the whole thing with her.
I'm thinking of just
getting a T-shirt that says,
"We're not keeping it."
You know, a little picture of
a baby with a line through it.
[sighs]
Anyway,
my daughter's being strong,
and I'm trying to be
strong for her.
And my mom's around.
Thank you.
We'll take a ten-minute break.
Help yourself
to coffee and cookies.
Uh, hey... actually,
just coffee.
I was in charge
of the cookies
and the whole grandma thing
happened at the store and...
Sorry.
Hey.
Hi. Christy, right?
Yeah. Hi, um...
Ooh, I know that
you're two weeks sober
and were touched inappropriately
by your babysitter,
but I don't remember your name.
Steve.
Steve! Right. Hi, Steve.
Um, this is
my mother, Bonnie.
Hello.
Yeah, hi. Steve.
I got it.
STEVE:
So, listen.
Uh, just wanted
to make you aware
that I practice family law,
and in the event that you're
looking for an adoption attorney
for your daughter,
I'd like to offer my services.
Thanks, but we're good.
We're just gonna let
the agency handle it.
Ooh, you don't want to do that.
Adoption agencies
only care about one thing:
placing the baby
and getting their fee.
What do you care about?
Getting my fee.
And you, of course.
How much do
you charge?
Well, my hourly rate
is $400...
Whew.
$250.
Ha.
$120.
Whoo!
I can get my fee
from the adoptive parents.
You're hired.
Welcome to the team.
I don't understand.
Why do we need a lawyer?
Seriously? You grew
up in this family
and you're questioning
the need for a lawyer?
Okay.
Where'd you find this guy?
We, um...
...recently heard him speak
at a social event.
Oh, God, he's a drunk?
He's not a drunk.
Anymore.
And he's free.
[sighs]
Anyway, he says that
you have to get Luke
to sign his rights away
before the adoption
can go forward.
How could I do that?
Luke's dead-set against it.
Hmm.
Would you mind
if I talked to him?
Yes, I would.
Stay out of it.
Hey, I am just trying to help.
Believe me, I've got much better
things to do with my time.
Next, please.
Hey, Luke.
Oh, hi!
Can we talk?
I'm actually
kind of busy now.
Okay, I'll order something.
How's the fried fish sandwich?
It's a lightly-breaded
seafood treat.
[quietly]: I don't
think it's really fish.
Okay, then,
I'll take a cheeseburger.
One cheeseburger.
I need to talk to you
about the adoption.
Yeah, I don't want
to talk about that.
Would you like
fries and a drink?
Sure. Small Coke.
Look, I know what it's like
to have a baby at your age.
I struggled
to make ends meet,
and I'm still struggling.
If you get
the large Coke,
it's 50 cents cheaper
and you get a free toy.
Sounds great.
One Happy Slappy Meal.
Here or to go?
To go.
Anyway, Violet found this
wonderful couple
who really want to adopt a baby,
and they're coming
by the house tomorrow.
That's $4.28.
[sighs]
Why don't you just drop by
and meet them
and see what you think?
I already know what I think.
Come on, Luke.
Your order will be
up in a minute.
Next, please.
[baby crying]
Coincidence?
I think not.
[mouthing]
Seriously?
That's my lawyer?
You get what you pay for, honey.
Talk to him.
Well, isn't that rude?
He seems to be in the
middle of a conversation.
Go.
What's going on, Counselor?
Nothing, everything's fine.
You sure?
No, I can't do it.
I've never practiced law
without being loaded.
My brain is very
angry at me.
We good here?
I think he's detoxing.
Really?
You seemed fine
at the meeting.
I was high as a kite
at the meeting!
[doorbell rings]
Okay, that's the Taylors.
Nobody be themselves.
Luke.
Hey.
What are you
doing here?
I came to meet this couple.
VIOLET:
How'd you even know?
Your mother showed up
at my job and told me.
I was in the mood
for a Happy Slappy Meal.
Thanks.
So you're okay with all this?
I don't know.
I'm just here to listen.
Knock, knock.
Hi.
You must be Violet.
Uh, yes.
I'm Suzanne.
This is Jeff.
I'm Jeff.
Oh, please come in.
Hello.
This is my mom
Christy...
Hi, it's nice
to meet you.
...and my
grandmother Bonnie.
Nice to meet you.And that's Luke,
the baby's father.Hello.
Hi.
Hey. Oh, um...
sorry about the sweaty hands,
I-I'm really nervous.
[chuckles]
Me, too.
And, uh, this is our
attorney, Steve Curtis.
We can discuss my fee later.
Please, come,
sit down.
You have
a lovely home.
Not really, but thank you.
BONNIE:
So...
you want to
adopt a baby.
Yes, we do.
You're in luck.
We have one.
Quiet time.
I read a lot
of profiles,
and yours really stuck out.
Oh, thanks.
Suzanne did the artwork,
and I wrote the copy.
She wanted to go with
the Helvetica font,
uh, but I insisted on Courier
to make it easier to read.
We compromised
with Times New Roman.
Honey, they don't
want to hear that.
Why?
Everyone likes fonts.
I like fonts.
Wingdings are my favorite.
Do you have any questions
you would like to ask us?
Why can't you have
your own baby?
Luke.
No, that's a
fair question.
We tried to get
pregnant for many years.
It just didn't
work out.
She has a tilted uterus,
and I have a low sperm count.
It's like shooting blanks
into an empty canyon.
No matter how many times
we had intercourse,
nothing ever happened.
And we tried
some pretty weird positions.
Please go back
to fonts.
TMI?
TMI.
So, your profile said
you design video games?
Yes, I design video games.
Is that still too much?
No, too little.
Um, do you know the game
Clumsy Monkey?
No way. I love
Clumsy Monkey.
How do you get
past level seven?
Oh. [laughs]
That stumps everyone.
You have to get
the monkey through
the china shop
without breaking anything.
But he's so clumsy.
Try swinging
from the chandelier.
The chandelier.
Of course!
Anyway, we just want you to
know that if you do choose us,
we will do everything
we can to give your baby
a great life and love him
or her with all of our hearts.
Hey, you're making the rest of
us look pretty bad here, sister.
[laughs]
What do you think?
I think you're
really nice people,
and I hope you have your baby
someday, but not this one.
Luke...I'm sorry, I can't.
No, Luke.
Luke...
[door closes]
[hushed]:
How am I doing?
I'm really sorry.It's okay.
We've been
through this before.
We had an adoption
fall through last year.
We walked the birth mother
through the whole pregnancy,
decorated a nursery,
were at the hospital
for the birth, and then
the mother changed her mind.
I actually tried
using alcohol
to numb my pain.
Well, we certainly
understand that.
I just did not like
how it made me feel.
And you lost us.
I think that if you give Luke
a little more time,
he'll come around.
I'm sorry,
but we already drove home once
with an empty baby seat
in the back of the car.
We can't
go through that again.
Let's go.
It was really nice to meet you.
It was nice
meeting you.
Good luck.
[sighs]
I better go check
on Violet.
Why don't you
get rid of him.
[sobbing]
[knocking]
What you doing?
Tossing out
all this college crap.
Why?
What do you mean, "Why?"
Because I'm not going.
I'll keep the baby,
and maybe when it's 16,
17 years old and hates my guts,
then I'll look at college.
Oh, they hate you
sooner than that.
Come on. Luke may
still change his mind.
And just because
we lost the Taylors
doesn't mean there's not
another great couple out there.
I wanted them.
You sure?
He's kind of weird.
Yeah, but he's cool weird.
Big Bangweird.
And she's, like, the best mom
you could ever ask for.
Okay, I'm just
gonna let that go.
You know what I mean.
I do. And I'm
letting it go.
I'm so sorry.
No, it's better this way.
[footsteps]
Sorry to break this up,
but we've got a
lawyer on the roof.
Here you go.
And enjoy your meal.
Excuse me, Christy.
Uh, a very young man is
asking for you at the bar.
I'm making up next
week's schedule.
Should I put you on it, or
will you be going to jail?
What? No.
He's my daughter's boyfriend.
It's too bad.
I was in the mood to judge.
What are you doing here?I need to talk.
But I'm in the middle
of my shift.
Now you know
how it feels.
Okay, what do you want?
I need some advice, and you're
the smartest person I know.
Oh, well, thanks,
and I'm sorry you don't know
more people.
The reason I don't want
to give the baby up
is 'cause I don't
want to lose Violet.
Wait, you're fighting
this whole adoption thing
because you're afraid
she'll dump you?
Well, yeah.
Violet's really smart.
Without the baby, she can go
to college and be somebody.
And I'm probably gonna
be flipping burgers
for the rest of my life.
Oh, sweetie, that's the wrong
reason to keep the baby.
What's the right reason?
'Cause you want a baby.
All I really want
is Violet.
[sighs]
Look, I can't promise that the
two of you are gonna be together
for the rest of your lives,
but I can promise you
that if you use this kid
as a bargaining chip,
you guys are done.
You think?
You want to make sure
that she doesn't outgrow you?
Then for heaven's sake, grow up.
Make something of yourself.
My father's pushing me to go
to a Christian university
and become a preacher.
That's cool.
What's stopping you?
I only believe in God
when I'm high.
All right, let's put a pin
in that and keep thinking.
You're sure you're okay
with all this?
Yeah.
Okay, Steve,
you're up.
[sighs]:
Okay.
Easy.
Here you go.
The Relinquishment
of Parental Rights.
Sign here.
[sighs]
Proud of you.
You did this without
alcohol or drugs.
Thanks.
We're doing
the right thing, Luke.
So what now?
I have to file
this at court.
Can somebody
give me a lift?
You don't have a car?
I have a car.
I don't have a license.
We'll drive you. Come on.
Shotgun!
Do you still love me?
I never stopped
loving you.
Smartest person I know.
Can I say
something horrible?
Since when do you ask?
I can't wait for
this to be over.
I know.
I'm trying to hold it
together for Violet,
but it's like I'm waiting and
waiting for my heart to break.
Yeah, this is the hardest thing
I've ever gone through.
And I was raised by you.
Good one.
It wasn't a joke.
I just keep telling myself
that my daughter's gonna have
a better life
because of this decision.
College, maybe graduate school.
Yeah.
Why don't you go back to school?
Believe it or not,
I've been thinking about it.
That's terrific.
What do you want to do?
Promise not to laugh?
No.
Okay, well, ever since
I was a little girl,
I've wanted to be a lawyer.
Really?
What brought that about?
I don't know.
Maybe it had something to do
with watching the police
haul my mother off to jail
and wishing I could do something
about it.
So what I'm hearing is
I inspired you.
Yeah, that's it.
Hey, maybe you can ask Steve
for some advice
as to how to get started.
You know, after he stops
hallucinating.
I just might.
Wow. This is exciting.
Right?
Come here.
I am so proud of you.
Thanks, Mom.
To be honest, I've always
been a little embarrassed
you were a waitress.
I just want you to know
that you are always welcome
to be a part
of this baby's life.
It's totally your call.
I would like that
very much.
I'd like it, too.
Same for me.
Especially if we can visit
at your lake house.
Hey,
so what are your plans
after high school?
I don't know.
Probably go to the beach.
I think he means
long-term.
Oh. No idea.
How'd you like to
come and work for me,
learn how to design
video games?
Seriously?
Why not?
I was your age when I came
up with Clumsy Monkey.
That's so weird.
I was my age when
I started playing it.
Then it's meant to be.
Thanks.
Oh, oh.
[whispers]: You want
another kid, just say the word.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org